UPDATED! 

Throwaway account because she uses reddit. 
My (M25) girlfriend (F30) Nat has a very particular sense of style. Picture Harley Finkle from wizards of waverly place, you will get the idea. 
Don’t get me wrong, i never had a problem with that! In fact, i love the way she dresses because she loves to do so, and i am happy if she is happy. The thing is, sometimes she likes to incorporate memes into her clothes. No problem. It’s cute. But now she wants to wear a dress inspired on the meme “gay rat wedding”. To my friend’s wedding. He and his fiancé are gay. I told her, maybe that is not really appropriated? The dress in question would be full of little stuffed rats, pride flags and a big “I SUPPORT GAY RATS” on the front. 
My friend is not a big fan of the way my GF dresses and i think this dress may cause an certain uproar in the wedding. Now, nat is upset with me and claiming that i am “throwing water in her flame of creativity”. 
The wedding is next month, so she has plenty of time to think about another thing to wear. Should i just let her go with the dress? Am i the asshole in this situation?





UPDATE:

well guys, as many of you pointed out in the comments, me getting a throwaway account didn’t help. She found the post. Guess i was too specific after all. I will update soon




FINAL UPDATE:

Hello everyone! I would like to thank you all for your judgment, advices and opinions on my post, it was greatly appreciated! So… the conversation did not go well. She was livid with me for exposing her in this way, and although i showed her the comments (most important, the ones from the LGBTQIA community) she refused to admit that her dress was a poor choice, but in fact, her way to “appreciate the gays”. That did not sit well with me. Love can move mountains, but can NOT maintain a relationship with a homophobic. So, now i am going to the wedding a single, rat-free-dress, man! I did reach out to my friend and send him this post. He thought the situation to be hilarious, but if she did show up in the dress, he would def kick us to the curb. I guess this is all! 
Ps: i am deeply sorry for misspelling harpey’s name, won’t happen again lol